(DOCSP-23502): Swift SDK IA Updates (#2000)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/realm-files/delete-a-realm.txt

1. On application startup before ever opening the realm.
#. After only having opened the realm within an explicit ``autorelease`` pool, which ensures deallocation of all of objects within it.

.. tabs-realm-languages::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: swift

      You can delete the ``.realm``, ``.note`` and ``.management`` files
      for a given configuration with the
      :swift-sdk:`Realm.deleteFiles(for:)
      <Structs/Realm.html#/s:10RealmSwift0A0V11deleteFiles3forSbAC13ConfigurationV_tKFZ>`
      class method.

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/Sync.snippet.reset-client-realm-file.swift
         :language: swift

   .. tab::
      :tabid: objective-c

      You can delete the ``.realm``, ``.note`` and ``.management`` files
      for a given configuration with the :objc-sdk:`+[RLMRealm
      deleteFilesForConfiguration:error:]
      <Classes/RLMRealm.html#/c:objc(cs)RLMRealm(cm)deleteFilesForConfiguration:error:>`
      class method.

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/Sync.snippet.reset-client-realm-file.m
         :language: objectivec

Delete a Realm File During a Client Reset
-----------------------------------------

> When you use Device Sync, you may encounter an error condition whose solution 
> is to perform a "client reset." During a client reset, your app must delete 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use Device Sync, you may encounter a **client reset error**. During a client reset, your app must delete 
```
Suggestion: reduce wordiness of "error condition whose solution is", switch from scarequotes to bold text for key term.

the local copy of the realm and download an updated version from the 
App Services backend.

> Because Synced realms are stored locally and can be used offline, deleting
> a Synced realm has potential data loss implications. If the client has 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Synced realms are stored locally and can be used offline, deleting
a Synced realm could lose data. If the client has 
```
Suggestion: why use more word when fewer word do trick?
